(Mr. Heartland)
Dr. Faker?
Dr. Faker!
Kite has been defeated
by Vetrix.
Doctor, we must stop
the tournament right now.
Don't get so excited.
The plan
is still in place.
And it is safe as long as we
have the Sphere Field.
Prepare for
the finals, Mr. Heartland.
Yes, sir.
♪
♪ If life is a game they say
I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ Tear me down before my
life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid ♪
♪ To challenge myself
They won't ever break my fire ♪
♪ My dreams won't die if I
High-five the sky ♪
♪ Spread my wings
Take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ Take a chance to make it
All the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
Forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a chance believe ♪
♪ Nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ No retreat when
I leave all my fears behind ♪
♪ My future's still
alive inside ♪
♪ Take a chance
And chase my doubts away ♪
♪ Believing gets me through
My darkest days ♪
♪
♪ Take a chance
To make it all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance forgetting
yesterday ♪
♪ Take a breath
My heart will lead the way ♪
♪ Take a chance I'll take
A chance today ♪
♪
I can't believe it.
Kite lost.
Vetrix stole his
Number Cards and his soul.
All Kite wanted to do
was save Hart.
He just wanted to
protect what's precious to him.
(Astral)
Yuma.
I believe Vetrix
used the power of his crest
to take the souls of Dextra
and Hart as well.
Perhaps if we can
defeat him in the final duel,
we can destroy that
power...
Yeah, you're right!
We're gonna
beat that stinkin'--
(Bronk)Yuma!
Hey, guys.
We wanted to wish
you good luck.
Go get him,
Yuma!
Thanks guys,
I'll do my best.
It helps a lot to know
my whole team's behind me.
And that's why you
have to win.
Yuma, you represent
all the duelists out there.
Beat Vetrix for all
of us!
You too, Yuma!
Get in!
♪
Well guys, this
is it.
I don't know
how I'm gonna do it,
but I am gonna
win this.
(Flip, Cathy Bronk, Caswell)
Yeah!
♪
(Tori)
Yuma, catch!
All right, duel fuel!
Thanks a lot, Tori.
I know you have to stay
strong to win.
Oh, I'll win.
Definitely,
definitely promise?
I definitely, definitely do.
I'll see you
after the duel, Tori.
I definitely
hope you're right, Yuma.
(Mr. Heartland)
Well, duel fans, it all comes
down to this.
The battle
you've been waiting for:
the ultimate throwdown in
the first ever
World Duel Carnival!
A sizzling
series of blockbuster battles
have eliminated all
challengers
And now only
two dazzling duelists remain.
Now these dueling dynamos will
go head to head
to determine who
will become the very first
World Duel Carnival Champion!
Which one will it be?
Will it be the tournament's
dark horse,
the mysterious
masked duelist, Vetrix...
or the feisty, fearless boy
wonder, Yuma Tsukumo?
And now on with the show!
This final,
championship battle
will take place in the
revolutionary
new Sphere Field!
And you can rest assured that
this Sphere Field
will be an experience
that is out of this world.
Whenever you use Numbers,
the Sphere Field will
absorb the power they generate.
What is this thing?
Very interesting.
This place is so freaky.
Well, that's Faker
for you.
Now the Sphere Field will raise
our two finalists
to the skies!
What's that thing
made of?
I don't know.
It must be generated by
some kind of mysterious energy.
I'm not surprised you made it
this far, Yuma.
Yeah, why's that?
Because of
the example set for you
by your dear deluded
father.
When I was
lost between dimensions,
I sometimes gave
up hope,
and I
would think of Kazuma,
his belief in friendship
and never giving up.
You have
that same spirit, Yuma...
The spirit that had
inspired me
when I was
at my most desperate point.
By then, Faker had
betrayed me,
so I knew
your father was wrong.
Friendship isn't
precious.
No, not by a long shot.
In fact,
it's pointless.
But your father was right
about never giving up.
And now that revenge
is my only reason for living,
I promise you I'll never give
up until I get it.
You're wrong about revenge
and you're wrong about
friendship.
Trey's my friend
and I promised
to battle to save his family.
So I'm not just here to
save them Vetrix.
I'm here to save you.
You're going to save me...
from what?
From revenge, Vetrix.
It's like a poison that'll
only wind up destroying you!
Trey, Quinton, and Quattro.
You used them to get
your revenge.
Oh, please.
Those boys are just as much
trouble as friends are.
Now all three
of those empty shells
are getting just what they
deserve.
What they deserve?
Exactly.
I gave each one of those
three losers a crest.
Those crests
were directly connected
to their souls and gave
them great power.
And even with that power,
all three
of them lost their battles
and their souls just as
I knew they would.
You knew that was going to
happen, but you still--
I did not realize humans could
be this heartless.
You don't deserve to be
called a father!
How could you?
How could you let your sons
give up their souls?
I guess I'm just
a bad dad.
But can you really
judge me so harshly, Yuma?
Don't you think your father
wants you to get revenge
on Dr. Faker, too?
No, I don't!
And my father would never want
me to battle to get it!
Think again.
You don't know Kazuma as well
as I do, Yuma.
See, he's been using you
all along
to get his revenge.
Isn't that right, Astral?
What are you implying?
As both of you know, Numbers
have incredible power...
enough power,
in fact, to destroy this world.
Your father knew that if he
could give you the Numbers,
you would use their power
in battle
and get his vengeance.
And he did it by sending
your little friend, Astral.
You mean
that Dad sent Astral
to help me destroy
the world?
Yes, he did,
but luckily you won't have to
do it all by yourselves.
Right, Faker?
Oh, no.
That's Dr. Faker.
It's been
quite a while, Byron.
Even so you're looking as
young as ever.
I can thank you
for that.
I'll come do
so in person, Doctor.
Right after I get
Yuma's Numbers from him.
I'm sick of talking!
I came
here to battle!
I'm ready to duel
and I'll
beat you both!
We'll see about that.
Won't we, Byron?
Let's do it.
Let's win
this duel, Astral!
(Mr. Heartland)
And now, please direct
your attention
to the viewing screens
as I explain the rules for
the Sphere Field!
This field was created
so that you can
summon Numbers more easily!
I'm not the one
to thank,
but don't
let that stop you.
Now both of you can summon
a random Number
simply by overlaying
two monsters in your hand
with the same Level.
Brilliant, if I do say
so myself!
However...
if a duelist summons
a Number using this method,
when it runs out of
Overlay Units,
it will be destroyed!
So feel free
to use those Numbers
to your little hearts'
content, duelists!
Now it's duel time!
All right, I'm ready!
Let's duel!
I'll start this off!
I draw!
I'll use the Sphere Field's
effect right away!
From my hand,
I overlay two Level 4 monsters,
Heraldic Beast Aberconway and
Heraldic Beast Eale!
He's summoning
a Number already?
I can hardly wait to find out
what it's going to be.
I summon Number 56:
Gold Rat in defense mode!
♪
I end my turn.
You're up, Yuma.
Only 600
defense points.
A Number like that should be
easy to beat.
(Astral)
Yuma.
Is it true
that Number Cards
actually have the power to
destroy this world?
Astral, why--
Astral, you don't think
what Vetrix said
is true, do you?
I have no way of knowing.
Perhaps I was sent to this
world by your father
to exact his revenge.
Look, Astral...
No way my
father would have
anything to do with
revenge.
And my gut tells
me you're here to help not hurt.
So if the Numbers do have that
kind of power,
we have to make
sure those two don't get them.
Astral, don't have
any doubts.
You have to
believe in yourself,
'cause I believe
in you.
Thank you.
I understand.
Now let us focus on the business
at hand...
Defeating Vetrix.
Right.
So I'm putting myself totally
in your hands!
How do
we beat him?
I have no idea.
You should not depend upon me
for dueling advice, Yuma,
but as usual, it
appears you have failed to make
any battle plan.
Well, what did
you expect, Astral?
Now let's do this!
All right, my turn!
I draw!
Gogogo Golem!
I am so
feelin' the flow!
I overlay Level 4 Gogogo Golem
and Gagaga Magician
from my hand!
Number 12: Crimson Shadow
Armor Ninja!
Come on out!
Nice draw, Yuma.
Quite true, Bronk!
It has more than enough attack
points to destroy Gold Rat!
Yuma's got this in
the bag.
Go, Yuma!
Crimson Shadow, attack
Gold Rat!
Moon Shadow Crimson Slice!
I place one card facedown and
end my turn!
My turn-- I draw!
That's right.
Keep it up you two.
Use more power.
Because more
you use,
the deeper
you'll fall into my trap.
Lucky me!
I have two more Level 4
monsters in my hand!
I overlay
Heraldic Beast Twin-Headed Eagle
and Aberconway!
I summon Number 10...
... Illumiknight!
Illumiknight!
That was Kite's Number!
Really?
Well, I guess Kite wasn't
totally useless after all.
Vetrix, you dirty--
Do not let his words
anger you!
I use one of Illumiknight's
Overlay Units
to send one card
in my hand to the graveyard!
Then I draw one card
from my deck.
And since I sent
Aberconway to the graveyard,
its special ability
activates.
I banish one
Aberconway from my graveyard
to return another Aberconway
from my graveyard
to my hand.
He is not yet done.
I overlay Level 4 Heraldic Beast
Aberconway and Leo!
I summon Number 30...
... Acid Golem of Destruction!
Check it
out: two Numbers!
And I'm
not finished yet.
I've got even more
for you.
I overlay
two Heraldic Beast Unicorns!
Now I summon
Number 8.
Heraldic King Genom-Heritage.
Not an
encouraging development.
Now he
has three Numbers!
You don't know
this, Yuma,
but Genom-Heritage has
a variety of special abilities.
Just watch this!
I use an
Overlay Unit to activate
one of Genom-Heritage's
special abilities,
and your monster's
attack points drop to zero
until the end of
the turn!
Say goodbye to your Crimson
Shadow's attack points!
Now they and your
monsters' very essence
belong to Genom-Heritage!
This is bad.
I agree.
Genom-Heritage, show them
the wrath of their own monster!
I'll use
Crimson Shadow's special --
Yuma wait!
Use a trap.
Even if you use Crimson Shadow's
special ability,
you will
still take damage.
If Vetrix attacks with his next
monster, he will win.
Gotcha.
I activate
the trap card Half Guard!
Not only does it prevent
Crimson Shadow from destruction,
but Half Guard switches it
to defense mode
to protect your
life points going forward.
Hey Astral,
sweet suggestion.
Now we're good.
So, you think your safe
now do you?
Well, you're not!
Go, attack
him Acid Golem!
Acid Splash!
I activate Crimson Shadow's
special ability!
By using
one Overlay Unit,
Crimson Shadow won't
be destroyed!
Then how about
this?
Go, Illumiknight!
Destroy Crimson Shadow!
I activate
Crimson Shadow's ability!
By using another
Overlay Unit,
it's still alive.
We're not
beat yet, Vetrix.
Oh, really?
Maybe you haven't noticed
your monster
has run out
of Overlay Units.
Now, thanks to the Sphere
Field's effect,
your
Crimson Shadow is destroyed.
Yuma.
This is
a disaster.
If Yuma
hadn't had that trap,
he would've lost
already.
It's your
turn now, Yuma.
I'll show you.
Stay focused, Yuma.
If you can feel the flow you
can do this.
Yeah, watch me.
My turn!
I draw!
Summon a Number, Yuma!
Right!
I overlay
Bacon Saver and Flelf!
Appear, Number 34,
Terror-Byte!
Yuma, activate a
spell now!
I activate Xyz Treasure!
This lets
me draw a card for every
Xyz Monster on
the field.
There are four
Numbers on the field, so...
I draw four cards!
Here we go!
I overlay Amarylease
and Stinging Swordsman
from my hand!
Now I summon
Number 17, Leviathan Dragon!
Next up, I overlay Rai Rider
and Zubaba Knight!
Nice, it's here!
Come on out
Number 39: Utopia!
♪
Smart moves, Yuma.
Now Yuma and Vetrix both have
three Numbers!
Yuma, you've got
to win.
(Mr. Heartland)
Now each duelist has
summoned three powerful
Numbers!
Whom will lady luck smile
upon today?
It's down to the wire
and these duelists are on fire!
Ouch.
Yuma, the real battle begins
right now.
Let's get
the party started.
Believe me, Yuma, this
will be a party,
but not for you!
Yeah?
Well, I'm here to prove how
wrong you are.